# Jaeger-stats-viewer

This viewer is used to visualize the aggregated statistics generated by the Jaeger-stats tool. It provides an ordere list of processes ranked based on growth-rates where the processes that grow fastest are on top. When a process is selected a series of metrics is shown on the lef-hand side of the page. These metrics are the aggregate over all traces in the sample that touch this specific process-operation combination.

Once you have selected a process on the left-hand side that requires further analysis you can drill-down to the call-chain level via the drop-down box on the ride hand side. This drill-down is limited to the full traces that run through the process-operation selected on the left. By full call-chains we maean call-changes that cover complete traces from start to end.
## Recommended IDE Setup

[VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) + [Tauri](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=tauri-apps.tauri-vscode) + [rust-analyzer](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=rust-lang.rust-analyzer) + [Angular Language Service](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Angular.ng-template).

## MacOS
`/tmp/stitched.bincode` (src-tauri/src/main.rs, line 18) does not exist on MacOS, therefore the application won't run on a MacOS device. However you can add the file to the `/private/var/tmp`.

Open the Terminal and use the following command: `open /private/var/tmp`.
This opens up the directory in which you can paste the stitched.bincode.
Than update the src-tauri/src/main.rs, line 18 with `#[arg(short, long, default_value_t = String::from("/private/var/tmp/stitched.bincode"))]`

## Contributors
Front-end design by W. van Drimmelen